Ecs compatibility (#404)
logstash-plugins/logstash-input-beats: docs/index.asciidoc

This configuration results in daily index names like
+filebeat-{logstash_version}-{localdate}+.

> ==== Event Metadata and the Elastic Common Schema (ECS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_metadata"]
==== Event Metadata and the Elastic Common Schema (ECS)
```

This plugin other than decoding `beat` events, adds some fields related to the deprecated `host`,
containing the `hostname` provided by beats and `ip_address` which contains the remote address
of the client's connection. These two fields are now moved in ECS compatible namespaces
when the select compatibility mode is enabled, see <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility>>.

> 

Reviewer: What about something like this: 

> When <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility,ECS compatibility mode>> is
enabled, this plugin adds {ecs-ref}[ECS] fields containing the `hostname` provided by beats and
the remote `ip_address` of the client's connection.

Author: I think that the meaning is shifted, from the sentence above seems like that the 2 fields are added only when ecs is enabled, but the plugin always add those fields, the only difference is that when ecs is enabled those fields are remapped

Author: I tried to rephrase it as:

> This plugin other than decoding `beat` events adds a couple of fields related to the event, the deprecated `host`
> which contains the `hostname` provided by beats and the `ip_address` containing the remote address
> of the client's connection. When <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility,ECS compatibility mode>> is
> enabled these are now moved in ECS compatible namespaces.

LMKWDYT

Reviewer: Thanks for the explanation. 
Would you consider changing the introduction slightly, to "In addition to decoding..."  or "When decoding..."

>When decoding `beats` events, this plugin adds two fields related to
the event: the deprecated `host` which contains the `hostname` provided by beats
and the `ip_address` containing the remote address of the client's connection.
When <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility,ECS compatibility mode>> is
enabled these are now moved in ECS compatible namespaces.

Reviewer: Thanks for adding the other suggestions. Everything else looks as expected.

This configuration results in daily index names like
+filebeat-{logstash_version}-{localdate}+.

==== Event Metadata and the Elastic Common Schema (ECS)
This plugin other than decoding `beat` events, adds some fields related to the deprecated `host`,
containing the `hostname` provided by beats and `ip_address` which contains the remote address
of the client's connection. These two fields are now moved in ECS compatible namespaces
when the select compatibility mode is enabled.

> For a complete listing of metadata shape, see <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility>>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This plugin, other than decoding events, adds fields related to the Beats client connection, namely the source host name and ip address. These fields use different names depending on whether ECS compatibility mode is enabled, see <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility>>.
```
// cc @karenzone please :eyes:

Close Idle clients after X seconds of inactivity.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility"]
===== `ecs_compatibility`

* Value type is <<string,string>>
* Supported values are:
** `disabled`: unstructured connection metadata added at root level
** `v1`: structured connection metadata added under ECS compliant namespaces
* Default value depends on which version of Logstash is running:
** When Logstash provides a `pipeline.ecs_compatibility` setting, its value is used as the default
** Otherwise, the default value is `disabled`.

> Controls this plugin's compatibility with the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ecs/current/index.html[Elastic Common Schema (ECS)].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls this plugin's compatibility with the {ecs-ref}[Elastic Common Schema (ECS)].
```

> The value of this setting affects the keys for Beats connection's meta-data on the event:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of this setting affects the keys for the Beats connection's metadata on the event:
```

Close Idle clients after X seconds of inactivity.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility"]
===== `ecs_compatibility`

* Value type is <<string,string>>
* Supported values are:
** `disabled`: unstructured connection metadata added at root level
** `v1`: structured connection metadata added under ECS compliant namespaces
* Default value depends on which version of Logstash is running:
** When Logstash provides a `pipeline.ecs_compatibility` setting, its value is used as the default
** Otherwise, the default value is `disabled`.

Controls this plugin's compatibility with the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ecs/current/index.html[Elastic Common Schema (ECS)].

> The value of this setting affects the placement of a TCP connection's metadata on events:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The value of this setting affects the keys for Beats connection's meta-data on the event:
```
// cc @karenzone - please take a look if the sentence makes sense

.Metadata Location by `ecs_compatibility` value
[cols="<l,<l,e,<e"]
|=======================================================================
|`disabled`              |`v1`                      |Availability |Description

|[host]                  |[@metadata][input][beats][host][name]              |Always       |Name or address of the beat host

> |[@metadata][ip_address] |[@metadata][source][ip]   |Always       |IP address of source end of the connection

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|[@metadata][ip_address] |[@metadata][input][beats][source][ip]   |Always       |IP address of of the Beats client
```
